URL: https://codepen.io/alexanderPV/pen/rNxNaXB?editors=1100
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    The use of HTML to add meaning to code
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To create pages to be viewed on the internet
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are modifiers of elements and added to an HTML start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    An H1 tag defines the most important heading and should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The <head> element
    7. What is an id? 
    id specifies a unique element for CSS or JavaScript
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any HTML tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class specifies an identifier that will be applied to all that fall under it
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    There is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Specifies an alternate text for an image if it cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #"id"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic and groups a common theme, div marks a generic block with no meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS displays the design and style of a website
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    body h1
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id selector is used to change one element, whereas class is used to change multiple
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    ."class-name"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    All childs of specific elements are applied the same styles as their parents which creates an ease of use
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    ."class-name" a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector that selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git -rm, this action cannot be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To keep track of changes and have all team members working on the latest version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time a significant amount of edits has been made
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the project from github
        2. Add TL as collaborator to the project
        3. Clone the repo to your own computer
        4. Create your own branch for the repo
        5. Add and commit your changes to the branch
        5. Push your changes back up to your github repo
        6. Submit a pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 